[PRP-347] Participant Documentation (#114)
navapbc/wic-participant-recertification-portal: docs/participant/pages/05_changes.md

# Changes

### About this page:

> This question allows us to understand if something has changed with the WIC participant that would require them to upload new proof of address/identity docs. Montana WIC only requires documentation if these two scenarios have changed, or if any participant lacks adjunctive eligibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This question allows us to understand if something has changed with the WIC participant that would require them to upload new proof of address/identity docs. Montana WIC, the WIC state agency for whom this application was originally developed, only requires documentation for recertification if these two scenarios have changed, or if any participant lacks adjunctive eligibility.
```

### Considerations for other states:

> When do you require recertifying WIC participants to upload documents? If only certain scenarios, what questions can you replace with these to understand those participants?
> For states that always require documents during recertification, are these questions helpful for local staff? Or, can you remove these questions and logic altogether?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Under what circumstances does your WIC state agency require WIC participants to provide documents during recertification appointments? If only certain scenarios, consider replacing these questions with ones that better fit those scenarios.
- If your WIC state agency always requires documentation during recertification, would the answers to these questions help WIC staff prepare for recertification appointments? If not, consider removing this page and bypassing the associated business logic altogether.
```
